hi I'm John Murray creative director of
Halloween Horror Nights at Universal
Studios Hollywood and we're here to make
a special announcement
clowns 3d music by slash is coming to
Halloween Horror Nights and to make this
announcement we're here at slashes
studio and this is the place you created
this out decision right we're having
this is the first time we've ever worked
with a rock and roll icon to create
original music for one of our
attractions so what made you want to get
involved with all our iron um well you
know I came down to the park and and
just lost my mind it was the coolest
greatest scary event that I'd ever been
through was there one particular image
black 7 yeah Black Sabbath you know I've
written in there the severan gave me the
glasses and I was like what do you need
3d glasses for that was a pretty
skeptical I walked in and it was the
most still to this day weren't the
coolest
but I sent you over the idea for clowns
3d like did it inspire something
musically did it make you think of a
certain type of music yeah it was
automatic as soon as you mentioned it I
started hearing this sort of on how to
you know basically what you think of
anything to clown the music and I heard
it in this big bombastic way you know I
thought oh this could be really really
cool
when I started thinking about the music
I'd hear things in my den - but when you
sent me the track and I listened to it
immediately I just went oh I love the
melody I love the riff it sounds like it
belongs in a horror movie but it also
sounds it / yeah the whole idea that you
have in the riff that I have which is
all that combined it's going to make for
a very unique kind of audio experience
such
you